BYOVPC for AWS (#12)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/pages/cluster-types/byoc/create-byoc-cluster-aws.adoc

To create a Redpanda cluster in your virtual private cloud (VPC), log in to https://cloud.redpanda.com[Redpanda Cloud^]. 

> NOTE: With standard BYOC clusters, Redpanda manages security policies and resources for your VPC, including subnetworks, service accounts, IAM roles, firewall rules, and storage buckets. For the most security, you can manage these resources yourself with a xref:./vpc-byo-aws.adoc[customer-managed VPC on AWS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: With standard BYOC clusters, Redpanda manages security policies and resources for your VPC, including subnetworks, service accounts, IAM roles, firewall rules, and storage buckets. For the highest level of security, you can manage these resources yourself with a xref:./vpc-byo-aws.adoc[customer-managed VPC on AWS].
```
